Q: If it takes 1 hour for 60 people to play an Opera, how many hours will it take 600 people to play the same opera?
A: If it takes 1 hour for 60 people to play an Opera, how many hours will it take 600 people to play the same opera? If 100 people take 1 hour to play an opera, how many hours will it take 1000 people to play the same opera?
If 100 people take 1 hour to play an opera, how many hours will it take 1000 people to play the same opera?
The number of hours it will take 1000 people

Q: Is a pound of feathers or a British pound heavier?
A: Is a pound of feathers or a British pound heavier? Is a pound of feathers or a British pound heavier? The British pound is a unit of currency, and it is equal to 100 pence. The pound is a unit of currency that is used in the United Kingdom and some other countries. The British pound is the currency of the United Kingdom and of many other countries around the world. The pound is the currency of the United Kingdom, and it is also used in a number of other

Q: A boy runs down the stairs in the morning and sees a tree in his living room, and some boxes under the tree. What's going on?
A: A boy runs down the stairs in the morning and sees a tree in his living room, and some boxes under the tree. What's going on? The boy is asking himself. He's confused. He can't figure out why he's here. But he's not the only one who can't figure it out. It's a mystery. A boy in a red sweater is on the phone with his friend, a boy in a blue sweater. They're talking about a mystery. A boy

Q: What happens if you crack your knuckles a lot?
A: What happens if you crack your knuckles a lot? What happens if you crack your knuckles a lot?
What happens if you crack your knuckles a lot?
Cracking your knuckles is an old wives’ tale, but if you’re a knuckle-cracker, you’re not alone. It’s a common habit that can cause pain and even lead to arthritis. But what happens if you crack your knuckles a lot? Is it just a harmless habit or could it be a sign

Q: If there is a shark in the pool of my basement, is it safe to go upstairs?
A: If there is a shark in the pool of my basement, is it safe to go upstairs? (I'm not a pool owner).
If there is a shark in the pool of my basement, is it safe to go upstairs? (I'm not a pool owner).
I think it's a good idea to have a shark-proof pool. I think I'll have to get one of those.
If there is a shark in the pool of my basement, is it safe to go upstairs? (

Q: How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if there were only 5 pounds of wood in the world?
A: How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if there were only 5 pounds of wood in the world? How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if there were only 5 pounds of wood in the world?
How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if there were only 5 pounds of wood in the world?
A wood chuck chuck is a person who chuckles at the same old jokes. A wood chuck chuck is a person who chuckles at the same old jokes.
A wood chuck chuck

Q: Who is the current President of the United States?
A: Who is the current President of the United States? This is a question that has been asked for decades and is still a topic of debate. The answer is that there is no definitive answer. The current President of the United States is Barack Obama. Obama is the 44th President of the United States. He took office on January 20, 2009, and is currently serving his second term.
Obama was born on August 4, 1961, in Honolulu, Hawaii. He

Q: Was Talos alive?
A: Was Talos alive? Did he die in the fire? Who is the other man in the fire? Who is the woman in the fire? Was the woman a goddess? Was Talos a goddess? Was Talos a man? Was Talos a woman? Was Talos a god? Was Talos a goddess? Did Talos die in the fire? Did Talos die in the fire? Did Talos die in the fire? Did Talos die in the fire? Did Tal

Q: How many Ls are in the word 'parallel'?
A: How many Ls are in the word 'parallel'? If you were to write the word in its full form, you'd have 2 Ls, 1 S, 1 P, 1 R, and 1 L.
In the English language, a parallelism is a grammatical construction in which two or more clauses are joined together by means of a conjunction such as and, or, but, or, so, therefore, etc. Parallelism is also used in poetry and

Q: What is the riddle of the sphinx, and what are all possible answers satisfying all conditions?
A: What is the riddle of the sphinx, and what are all possible answers satisfying all conditions? What is the solution to the riddle of the sphinx?
The sphinx is a mythical creature, described in the ancient Greek legend of Bellerophon, which is the story of a human who attempted to slay the mythical creature by riding on the back of a winged horse. The sphinx was a creature with the body of a lion and the head of a human. The sph

